Document for naming conventions and polishing configurations. (#48699)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: doc/dev/Mgmt-Polishing-Configurations.md

# Azure SDK for .NET - Management Plane SDK Polishing Configurations

To ensure the quality of the Azure SDK for .NET and adherence to the [naming conventions](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/doc/dev/Mgmt-Naming-Conventions.md), the CSharp CodeGen offers flexible configurations. These configurations allow for changes to the names of classes, methods, properties, and parameters, as well as the data types of properties and parameters.

# Guidelines for Data Type Changes

In the API specifications, many properties and parameters are defined as string types but have special formats in .NET. We need to correct these types in the Azure .NET SDK.

> - The data type of a property should be `uuid` if its name is end of `Id` / `Guid` and value is really a uuid.

Reviewer: From below lines, I think the type here is the C# types in generated code.
```suggestion
- The data type of a property should be `Guid` if its name is end of `Id` / `Guid` and value is really a uuid.
```

> - The data type of a property should be `ResourceIdentifier` if its name is end of `Id` and value is really a ResourceIdentifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The data type of a property should be `ResourceIdentifier` if its name is end of `Id` and value is really an ARM resource identifier.
```

> - The data type of a property should be `ResourceType` if its name is `ResourceType` or end with `Type` and the value is really a ResourceType('Microsoft.xxxxx/xxxx').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The data type of a property should be `ResourceType` if its name is `ResourceType` or end with `Type` and the value is really an ARM resource type (for example `Microsoft.xxxxx/xxxx`).
```

> - The data type of a property should be `ETag` if its name is `etag` and the value is really a ETag. The property name  should be `ETag`(Optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The data type of a property should be `ETag` if its name is `etag` and the value is really a ETag. The property name should be `ETag` if possible.
```

- The data type of a property might be `AzureLocation` if its name is end with `location` / `locations` .

> - `Binary` / `String` property might change to `BinaryData` type.

Author: Remove this line

> - Pay attention to models similar to common type models and confirm whether they really can't be replaced by the common types from ResourceManager(Optional). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) Pay attention to models similar to common type models and confirm whether they really can't be replaced by the common types from ResourceManager. 
```

# Guidelines for Operation Changes

- Put / patch operation, optional body parameter should be changed to required.

- All `ListOperations` method should be removed because it's not useful in SDK and the SDK itself can show all the available operations in it through public APIs. 

> 

Reviewer: should we include the `GetOperationStatus` operation should not be included in the generated library as well?

# Configuration for Generating SDK from TypeSpec Specifications

> For SDKs generated from TypeSpec specifications, we can update the client.tsp file located in the same folder as the main.tsp to address APIView review comments in the .NET SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SDKs generated from TypeSpec specifications, we can update the `client.tsp` file located in the same folder as the `main.tsp` to address APIView review comments in the .NET SDK.
```

## Using the correct namespace

> Before starting, please ensure that the correct namespace is used at the beginning of the client.tsp file, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting, please ensure that the correct namespace is used at the beginning of the `client.tsp` file, as shown below:
```

> ```js
> using Microsoft.DeviceRegistry;
> ```

Reviewer: I think this is not js.
```suggestion
```tsp
using Microsoft.DeviceRegistry;
```
```

> You can typically find the namespace in the main.tsp file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can typically find the namespace in the `main.tsp` file.
```

## Rename models

To change the name of a model, use the [@clientname](https://azure.github.io/typespec-azure/docs/libraries/typespec-client-generator-core/reference/decorators/#@Azure.ClientGenerator.Core.clientName) decorator as shown below:

```js
@@clientName(Asset, "DeviceRegistryAsset", "csharp");
```

This renames the name of model `Asset` to `DeviceRegistryAsset`.

## Rename properties

To change the name of a properties, use the [@clientname](https://azure.github.io/typespec-azure/docs/libraries/typespec-client-generator-core/reference/decorators/#@Azure.ClientGenerator.Core.clientName) decorator as shown below:

```js
@@clientName(ExtendedLocation.type, "ExtendedLocationType", "csharp");

> ```

Reviewer: I think these are quire fundamental knowledge for typespec, do we really need to cover all of them here (including the above using namespace statement).
I think maybe we could just reference the doc for `@clientName` decorator - or other useful decorators here

Author: We should not expect all people know typespec well.
